<ins> 29/01/2019's meeting minutes with JW, PG, OM, EC, BL, DR, YC  </ins>


1- Do PR in capsul to save the dimensions of the nodes, done by OM
-----------


2- Status of MIA bricks (bricks proposed by default in MIA, in addition to Nipype bricks):
-----------

    - Everyone is free to deposit the bricks he wants in this library.
    - It would be desirable for this library/repository to contain mainly generalist bricks
    rather than very specialized ones.
    - Need to organize this repository into menus, sub-menus (try to prevent a holdall !).
    - It should be documented.
    - Name of this library: MIA_processes.
    - Problem of versioning, ease of installation, upgrade etc. => pypi, or other?
    
3- Intended use of MIA / necessary adaptations:
-----------

    - On the Paris side: replace the brainvisa interface, asynchronous operation, colour management of bricks according to process progress, database management, format management. Configuration management.
    - On the Grenoble side: Needs for a DataViewer included in mia. Conditional execution.
    - Need for a config engine. To define ... Not simple ...  Would be one of the central elements of populse ...
    - Priority: Plan a working session, to work on the concept and main development lines about the config engine.
   
4- Presentation of Morphologist in brainvisa:
-----------

    - The gaps, the needs to be filled with mia.
    - Plan 1 hour of work session.
    
 5- DataViewer:
 -----------
    - Plan a working session to define a simple dataviewer prototype. Then we will start the actual development.
 
6- Capsul V3:
-----------
    - Version 3 is not dropped, but we are focusing for the moment on the API related to the config engine.
    
7- Next meetings:
-----------
    - Friday 8th february, 14:00-16:00: ConfigEngine.
    - Friday 15th february 14:00-16:00: DataViewer
